What is OOPs?
> Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a programming paradigm based on the concept of "objects", which may contain data, in the form of fields, often known as attributes; and code, in the form of procedures, often known as methods. A feature of objects is that an object's procedures can access and often modify the data fields of the object with which they are associated (objects have a notion of "this" or "self"). In OOP, computer programs are designed by making them out of objects that interact with one another. There is significant diversity of OOP languages, but the most popular ones are class-based, meaning that objects are instances of classes, which typically also determine their type.

What is a class?
> In object-oriented programming, a class is an extensible program-code-template for creating objects, providing initial values for state (member variables) and implementations of behavior (member functions or methods). In many languages, the class name is used as the name for the class (the template itself), the name for the default constructor of the class (a subroutine that creates objects), and as the type of objects generated by instantiating the class; these distinct concepts are easily conflated.

> It is a logical entity which is the blueprint of an object. When a class is defined, no memory is allocated but when it is instantiated (i.e. an object is created) memory is allocated.

What is an object?
> In computer science, an object can be a variable, a data structure, a function, or a method, and as such, is a value in memory referenced by an identifier.

> It is a Physical entity which is the instance of a class. When a class is defined, no memory is allocated but when it is instantiated (i.e. an object is created) memory is allocated.

> An object have states and behaviors. Example: A dog has states - color, name, breed as well as behaviors – wagging the tail, barking, eating.


Example of Object: 
1. Apsara Pencil is an object. It has attributes like color, length, etc.
2. Saino Softek Pen is an object. It has attributes like color, length, etc.
3. Samsung Galaxy S10 is an object. It has attributes like RAM, ROM, Processor, etc.
4. Apple iPhone 11 is an object. It has attributes like RAM, ROM, Processor, etc.
5. Dell Inspiron 15 5000 is an object. It has attributes like RAM, ROM, Processor, etc.
6. HP Pavilion 15 is an object. It has attributes like RAM, ROM, Processor, etc.

Example of Class:
1. Gadgets is a class. It has attributes like RAM, ROM, Processor, etc.
2. Animals is a class. It has attributes like dog, cat, cow, etc.
3. Literature is a class. It has attributes like novel, poetry, drama, etc.
4. Furniture is a class. It has attributes like chair, table, bed, etc.
5. House is a class. It has attributes like villa, bunglow, apartment, etc.
6. Car is a class. It has attributes like SUV, Sedan, Hatchback, etc.

> You have to write 50 names of classes and 50 names of objects.